people can recover from professional miscues, but it just might not be
in the way you think it is. Um, there's sometimes at the recovery is
not a continued progression down that career path, but finding some
other metric of success that that is meaningful to you on. You have
to accept that. Sometimes there isn't just not gonna be an avenue
for you to proceed after a proverbial bump in the road. So if you want
to stay in, you might have to define your own metric of success and
what that looks like. It might not look like a metric metric of success
that is typical and the military sense, such as moving on to
commanding officer or anything like that. But as long as you are finding
that what you're doing as a as a measure of success, not really
think that's all that matters